when Solomon had finished pray fire came
when Solomon had finished pray fire came down from heaven and consumed the burnt
down from heaven and consumed the burnt
down from heaven and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices and the
offering and the sacrifices and the
offering and the sacrifices and the glory of the Lord filled the temple and
glory of the Lord filled the temple and
glory of the Lord filled the temple and the priests could not enter the house of
the priests could not enter the house of
the priests could not enter the house of the Lord because the glory of the Lord
the Lord because the glory of the Lord
the Lord because the glory of the Lord had filled the Lord's house when all the
had filled the Lord's house when all the
had filled the Lord's house when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came
children of Israel saw how the fire came
children of Israel saw how the fire came down and the glory of the Lord on the
down and the glory of the Lord on the
down and the glory of the Lord on the temple they bowed their faces to the
temple they bowed their faces to the
temple they bowed their faces to the ground on the pavement and worshiped and
ground on the pavement and worshiped and
ground on the pavement and worshiped and praised the Lord for he is good for his
praised the Lord for he is good for his
praised the Lord for he is good for his mercy and doors forever then the king of
mercy and doors forever then the king of
mercy and doors forever then the king of all the people offered sacrifices before
all the people offered sacrifices before
all the people offered sacrifices before the Lord King Solomon offered a
the Lord King Solomon offered a
the Lord King Solomon offered a sacrifice of twenty-two thousand bulls
sacrifice of twenty-two thousand bulls
sacrifice of twenty-two thousand bulls and one hundred and twenty thousand
and one hundred and twenty thousand
and one hundred and twenty thousand sheep so the King and all the people
sheep so the King and all the people
sheep so the King and all the people dedicated the house of God and the
dedicated the house of God and the
dedicated the house of God and the priests attended to their services the
priests attended to their services the
priests attended to their services the Levites also with instruments of the
Levites also with instruments of the
Levites also with instruments of the music of the Lord which King David had
music of the Lord which King David had
music of the Lord which King David had made to praise the Lord saying for His
made to praise the Lord saying for His
made to praise the Lord saying for His mercy endures forever
mercy endures forever
mercy endures forever whenever David offered praise by their
whenever David offered praise by their
whenever David offered praise by their ministry the priests sounded trumpets
ministry the priests sounded trumpets
ministry the priests sounded trumpets opposite them while all Israel stood
opposite them while all Israel stood
opposite them while all Israel stood furthermore Solomon consecrated the
furthermore Solomon consecrated the
furthermore Solomon consecrated the middle of the court that was in front of
middle of the court that was in front of
middle of the court that was in front of the house of the Lord for there he
the house of the Lord for there he
the house of the Lord for there he offered burnt offerings and the fat of
offered burnt offerings and the fat of
offered burnt offerings and the fat of the peace offerings because the bronze
the peace offerings because the bronze
the peace offerings because the bronze altar which Solomon had made was not
altar which Solomon had made was not
altar which Solomon had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings the
able to receive the burnt offerings the
able to receive the burnt offerings the grain offerings and the fact
grain offerings and the fact
grain offerings and the fact at that time Solomon kept the feast
at that time Solomon kept the feast
at that time Solomon kept the feast seven days and all Israel with him a
seven days and all Israel with him a
seven days and all Israel with him a very great assembly from the entrance of
very great assembly from the entrance of
very great assembly from the entrance of hamath to the brook of Egypt and on the
hamath to the brook of Egypt and on the
hamath to the brook of Egypt and on the eighth day they held a sacred assembly
eighth day they held a sacred assembly
eighth day they held a sacred assembly for they observed the dedication of the
for they observed the dedication of the
for they observed the dedication of the altar seven days and the feast seven
altar seven days and the feast seven
altar seven days and the feast seven days on the 23rd day of the seventh
days on the 23rd day of the seventh
days on the 23rd day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their
month he sent the people away to their
month he sent the people away to their tents joyful and glad of heart for the
tents joyful and glad of heart for the
tents joyful and glad of heart for the good that the Lord had done for David
good that the Lord had done for David
good that the Lord had done for David for Solomon and for his people Israel
for Solomon and for his people Israel
for Solomon and for his people Israel Russ Solomon finished the house of the
Russ Solomon finished the house of the
Russ Solomon finished the house of the Lord and the king's house and Solomon's
Lord and the king's house and Solomon's
Lord and the king's house and Solomon's successfully accomplished all that came
successfully accomplished all that came
successfully accomplished all that came into his heart to make in the house of
into his heart to make in the house of
into his heart to make in the house of the Lord and in his own house
the Lord and in his own house
the Lord and in his own house [Music]
then the Lord appeared to Solomon by
then the Lord appeared to Solomon by night and said to him I have heard your
night and said to him I have heard your
night and said to him I have heard your prayer and have chosen this place for
prayer and have chosen this place for
prayer and have chosen this place for myself as a house of sacrifice when I
myself as a house of sacrifice when I
myself as a house of sacrifice when I shut up heaven and there is no rain or
shut up heaven and there is no rain or
shut up heaven and there is no rain or command the locusts to devour the land
command the locusts to devour the land
command the locusts to devour the land or send pestilence among my people if my
or send pestilence among my people if my
or send pestilence among my people if my people who are called by my name will
people who are called by my name will
people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my
humble themselves and pray and seek my
humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways
face and turn from their wicked ways
face and turn from their wicked ways then I will hear from heaven and will
then I will hear from heaven and will
then I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land
forgive their sin and heal their land
forgive their sin and heal their land now my eyes will be open and my ears
now my eyes will be open and my ears
now my eyes will be open and my ears attentive to prayer made in this place
attentive to prayer made in this place
attentive to prayer made in this place for now I have chosen and sanctified
for now I have chosen and sanctified
for now I have chosen and sanctified this house that my name may be there
this house that my name may be there
this house that my name may be there forever and my eyes and my heart will be
forever and my eyes and my heart will be
forever and my eyes and my heart will be there
there
there surely as for you if you walk before me
surely as for you if you walk before me
surely as for you if you walk before me as your father David won't and do
as your father David won't and do
as your father David won't and do according to all that I have commanded
according to all that I have commanded
according to all that I have commanded you and if you keep my statutes and my
you and if you keep my statutes and my
you and if you keep my statutes and my judgments then I will establish the
judgments then I will establish the
judgments then I will establish the throne of your kingdom as I covenant it
throne of your kingdom as I covenant it
throne of your kingdom as I covenant it with David your father saying you shall
with David your father saying you shall
with David your father saying you shall not fail to have a man as ruler in
not fail to have a man as ruler in
not fail to have a man as ruler in Israel but if you turn away and forsake
Israel but if you turn away and forsake
Israel but if you turn away and forsake my statutes and my Commandments which I
my statutes and my Commandments which I
my statutes and my Commandments which I have set before you and go and serve
have set before you and go and serve
have set before you and go and serve other gods and worship them then I will
other gods and worship them then I will
other gods and worship them then I will uproot them from my land which I have
uproot them from my land which I have
uproot them from my land which I have given them and this has which I have
given them and this has which I have
given them and this has which I have sanctified for my name I will cast out
sanctified for my name I will cast out
sanctified for my name I will cast out of my son and we'll make it a proverb
of my son and we'll make it a proverb
of my son and we'll make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples and as
and a byword among all peoples and as
and a byword among all peoples and as for this house which is exalted everyone
for this house which is exalted everyone
for this house which is exalted everyone who passes by it will be astonished and
who passes by it will be astonished and
who passes by it will be astonished and say why has the Lord done thus to this
say why has the Lord done thus to this
say why has the Lord done thus to this land and this house then they will
land and this house then they will
land and this house then they will answer because they forsook the Lord God
answer because they forsook the Lord God
answer because they forsook the Lord God of their fathers who brought them out of
of their fathers who brought them out of
of their fathers who brought them out of the land of Egypt and embraced other
the land of Egypt and embraced other
the land of Egypt and embraced other gods and worshiped them and served them
gods and worshiped them and served them
gods and worshiped them and served them therefore he has brought all this
therefore he has brought all this
therefore he has brought all this calamity on them